Group Project Minutes - 17/11/2015

Project: Group project 07
Meeting: Weekly Meeting
Persons present: 

Hallam, Jacob 
Doyle, Thomas William twd
Heard, George geh39
Dugdale, Edward edd15
Aubrey, Wayne waa2
Hodges, Kurt kuh1
Bassi, Christopher Rino crb15

Place and date of meeting: C55, Tuesday 17th of November 2015
 
Circulation list: 

Aubrey, Wayne 
Bassi, Christopher Rino crb15
Doyle, Thomas William twd
Dugdale, Edward edd15
Gombar, Ivan ivg
Hallam, Jacob jah51
Heard, George geh39
Hodges, Kurt kuh1


Author: George Heard
 
Date of minutes: Nov 17th
Version: 1.0

Matters Arising
——————————————————————————————

The Design Specification needs to be looked at and started to be filled in, allocating parts of this is required so everyone knows what they’re doing
Draw a Gantt Chart in basic fashion, and attempt to get this in Project Plan by next week


Actions Arising
——————————————————————————————

Get everything we have done this far in the github repository for ease of access
Get a Gantt chart done, with estimation of time spent
Complete the Design Specification to standards
Get a framework done for taskerMAN and a semi-working prototype for taskerCLI
